docs: Improve documentation (#289)
ansys/pre-commit-hooks: doc/source/index.rst

.. title:: Ansys Pre-Commit Hooks

Ansys pre-commit hooks
======================

> Ansys-developed pre-commit hooks for performing checks on repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository provides pre-commit hooks for performing checks on Ansys repositories.
```
I found the two back-to-back hyphenated hard to read. Plus, it should be an introductory sentence. Should it be Ansys repositories or PyAnsys repositories?

Author: I think it would be PyAnsys repositories, but I will double check
